1. The current filter calls api everytime it makes an request 
This can be optimised by saving some results on the client side
and then slice it instead of calling api 
2. Slide could implement some debouncing to reduce uncessary api call
3. track price for eks  usd 5.37 at 14:00


  '''
    debug aw1 spundschalung not even red points appear DONE
    within tolerance => Pink  DONE
    problem is the thickness it will take on a range anyways..... 
    
    operator + value 
    U value, price is always smaller than DONE
    sound greater than 
    group u value and tolerance together 
    click column => show only part of the table 
    filter sort them by differen performance value or price 
    open api for calculation services => talk to QiFeng about the development of it in the future
    requirment profile 
    '''

    task for tomorrow:
    1. Create  Kustomiztion File 
    2. Finish setting up the CI to make digest to the gitops repo DONE
    3. Install ArgoCD in cluster to start ArgoCD
    4. Spend an hour on Networking revision
    5, write pytest for it, Test env , dev env
    add .template

    new props 
    combustible/ non combustible, bool, basd on layers 
    display a dropdown for all avaiallbe attr 
    select props you want in the platform 
    calculat them and save them on DB or on the fly 
    2 layers 
    props for a wall (on DB)
    props you care about for a wall (on platform)
    the nested depednecy 

    1.
    2.
    3.overlaying reuqirements 
    4. collaborative tool of stating requiremnt 

    Search usecase
    BC1 :
    for Carpentries, you would compare across all AW1 within your own debouncing
    curently focus on BC1 


    BC2 :
    for client, do thy want to compare across carpentry
    change the deployment
    calculate std mean for gaussian

    dont add too much complexity

    TESTING CASE 1
    the one who generates the code desont know the corner case 
    Manaul Test => translating back to the code for the tesing => 
    formalising some of the workflow we had 
    use the example from last time and generate one

    turning the variants 
    query Aussandwand type 1.1  get layers and all possible thicknesses
    requirement for both side
    incroporate the schema 
    i will make a meeting with QiFeng to do it 

    To do:
    Scheudle a meeting with Qifeng t
    ask Qi for the ERD for the build up and product group 


    in order to calculate this all AW, you will need to calculate all variants anyway

    build up layers informtation
    expand variatns   
    return => information 



  Topics for until first week of November 
  1. graphQL
  2. event loop
  3. What does init.py do
  4. Dependency injection
  5. Setting up a intermediate DB

  models = business entitiy definition 
  
  To do
  1. Create a DB for representative products using sqlalchemy
  2. Refactor the codes into models, schema, services and controller format

  pre-calculation/ after-calculation
  are there existing non stadnard buildups ?
  RequirementProfileRequest doesnt work but request work